`strictTemplates` implies `fullTemplateTypeCheck` (#34195)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/template-typecheck.md

### Strict mode

Angular version 9 maintains the behavior of the `fullTemplateTypeCheck` flag, and introduces a third "strict mode".

> Strict mode is accessed by setting the `strictTemplates` flag to `true`, which implies that `fullTemplateTypeCheck` is also enabled.

Reviewer: I'd simplify this to just say:

```suggestion
Strict mode is the a superset of full mode, and is accessed by setting the `strictTemplates` flag to true. This flag supersedes the `fullTemplateTypeCheck` flag.
```

> It is therefore OK to not specify `fullTemplateTypeCheck` or to set it to `true`. Setting `fullTemplateTypeCheck` to `false` in this mode is an error.

Reviewer: There is no need to talk about the error case. The error will be thrown when users use the settings incorrectly.
```suggestion
```
